Part 1: This kind of targeted killing is originated from the British colonial practice of air policing from the 1920s. Decades later, as the CIA’s Predators attacked al- Qaeda militants in the same area, the U.S. military’s target subsequently changed to al-Qaeda embranchements, including the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, al- Shabab in Somalia, al-Qaeda  in the Arabian Peninsula, and more dispersed threats across the Maghreb and Sahara areas. Indeed, an increasing but uneven distributed militarization of Africa is obvious, with different kinds of U.S. surveillance operations extending across the region.
Part2: According to Shaw (2016), the history and progress of US drone warfare, with a specific focus on "deterrritorialisation" and "enclosure" are the primary approaches as the State grown up as a  ‘Predator Empire’. The new ‘Empire’ is built on top of the  existing power of the technology in modern life. For example, drones are not only changing how human beings interact and connect with each other, but also with the entire world . Per Shaw says both a driving force and a result of the Predator Empire are the deterritorialisation of conflict.  Regarding to the concept of enclosure, Shaw (2016) further verifies the development of enclosure and concludes that it is highly related to the evolution and dependency from the  technology.
The U.S. military has been the world pioneer in remote targeted killings for years. The drone has become important to U.S. national security strategy, which has changed from counterinsurgency in the city to counterterrorism from the skies. No matter what the size the drone is, they all basically perform the same tasks: intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (ISR). From monitoring North Vietnamese communist army in the 1960s to hunting al-Qaeda targets in Pakistan, the military has long eager eyes in the sky. Today, these eyes are becoming increasingly automatic and become part of a critical rearrangement of military power in the twenty- first century. It is as known as, the “dronification of state violence” , according to Shaw & Akhter (2014) . Thus, “the electronic atmosphere” has started a vital spatial revolution that geography is not as significant as it was to either communications or security. 
 
Part3: Shaw (2016) states that the connection among the digital enclosures of the earth improves globalized warfare in pursuit of security. Drones are now being utilized in national policing efforts in the United States. bringing weapons of war home in a quite literal sense: the Department of Defense 1033 Program lets redundant weapons and systems to be transferred to national police forces in the United States for deployment in policing (214-35). Military grade armored vehicles and lethal weapons, including grenade launchers and M-16 rifles, account for the different types of equipment so far finishing transferred. 
 
Part4: With recent U.S. airstrikes across Iraq and Syria, along with a global ISR infrastructure, there is a trend in which battlefield is an ancient geographical term. The U.S. national security state is increasingly founded on this borderless type of sovereignty, one that resonates with a range of extrajudicial spaces of control: from dark cyber wars against Iran to mass domestic surveillance by the National Security Agency (NSA) to enhancing drone surveillance across Africa.
Take Camp Lemonnier as an example. This is the U.S. military’s only permanent base in Africa, located in Djibouti’s main airport, and has served as a drone base for years (although nearby Chabelley Airfield now houses most drones). Thousands of U.S. special forces, civilians, and contractors have gone through this base as part of a strategy to aim and eliminate Islamic militants in Yemen and Somalia and across the Sahel and Sahara. The twenty- first- century militarization of Africa is the latest phase in globalizing U.S. security infrastructure which  is changing the world into a single battlespace and changing the geographies of state violence.
 
 
Part 5: The Djibouti base is part of a growing network of military bases that house drones across the planet. While many of the gargantuan U.S. bases in Iraq and Afghanistan are now relics of the occupation, the U.S. military has been busy constructing smaller, more remote outposts across the world. These so- called lily pads aim to cover more of the planet with less of a footprint. The territorial extent of U.S. sovereignty has been significantly expanded by this strategy. The list of countries that have been surveilled by U.S. drones, or have housed U.S. drones, is long and includes Afghanistan, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Djibouti, Ethiopia, Iraq, Iran, Libya, Mali, Nigeria, Niger, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, the Seychelles, Somalia, Syria, and Yemen. The drone atlas is constantly shifting. And back in the U.S homeland, the everyday spaces of human coexistence are being increasingly targeted by a dronified form of policing preoccupied with surveilling every facet of life.
 
Part 6: Furthermore, Shaw emphasizes on the study and advancements of Nano-drones and swarming technology, which will further diminish the national sovereignty with more permeable boundaries and the secrecy of the United States civilians as these technologies are accommodated into the current surveillance architecture. Operators on the opposite side of the planet to the drone they are controlling are capable of killing with an ease never before seen in human history. Drone technology, both current and future, is being introduced into national politicking as well as being deployed in international conflict. 
Part 7: Many scholars writing about drones mobilize their critiques around international law or ethics. The growing use of drones, warns Peter Singer, could transform the “public into the equivalent of sports fans watching war, rather than citizens sharing in its importance. But such concerns about the aesthetics of killing leave untouched the dominion of humans over their technological creations. Drones are viewed as tools of state power, used by rational actors for rational ends. Rather than being understood as instruments, drones are seen as geopolitical agents creating new modes of state power. The materiality matters. But there are “unknown unknowns” set in motion with the birth of every machine. Technologies can rebel and transform their surrounding world, like a virus that reprograms the cells of its unwitting host. A sprawling set of surveillance apparatuses— roaming across land, sea, and outer space—now leave few places left on earth to hide. Drone warfare, in short, requires us to seek new ways to understand empire.
 
Part 8: After the brutal counterinsurgencies of Iraq and Afghanistan, Washington’s war managers scrambled to find a new strategy. Their response was to do more with less as robots, drones, and satellites began to redistribute and replace human bodies (and therefore vulnerabilities): shifting personnel from the frontline and putting them in service of their robotic proxies. A vast policing infrastructure of machines, special forces, drones, and software algorithms hunt for threats across a totalizing battle space that connects the homeland with the battlefield. With news that one hundred thousand troops were being cut from the U.S. military in 2012, it became clear the drone wars were here to stay (BBCNews, 2012).
Telegraphs, railways, tanks, aircraft, nuclear weapons, drones, and the Internet have all brought with them distinct geographies of violence and control. In this sense, geopolitics is overrun by technological forces: electronic infra structures rewire international relations in profound ways. Indeed, in less than a decade targeted killings delivered by Predator drones have become so normalized that the Obama administration has constructed a streamlined bureaucratic database for administering death. The disposition matrix contains an electronic list of suspects targeted for elimination across the planet.
 
 
 
 
 
 
